Feature/mtm 56466 dashboards redesign annoucement (#1875)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-dashboards-redesign-and-improvements.md

---
date: 2024-03-28
title: Dashboards redesign and improvements
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-56466
version: 1020.0.0
---
In the upcoming version, we will introduce redesigned dashboards with both visual and functional enhancements as well as new functionalities.

**Visual and UX enhancements**:

* We have redesigned the way dashboards are edited.

**Functional improvements**:

* The lock/unlock feature has been replaced with an edit mode for better control and clarity.

> **New features**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**New functionalities**:
```

**New Features**:

> * Versioning to manage and track dashboard changes.
> * Undo/redo functionality for flexible editing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Possibility to enable and disable dashboard template for device dashboards.
* Versioning to manage and track dashboard changes.
* Undo/redo functionality for flexible editing.
```

Author: done

---
date: 2024-03-28
title: Dashboards redesign and improvements
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-56466
version: 1020.0.0
---

> In a future version, we will introduce redesigned dashboards with both visual and functional enhancements as well as new functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the upcoming version, we will introduce redesigned dashboards with both visual and functional enhancements as well as new functionalities.
```

> In a future version, we will introduce redesigned dashboards with both visual and functional enhancements, as well as new functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a future version, we will introduce redesigned dashboards with both visual and functional enhancements as well as new functionalities.
```

> In a future version, we are introducing redesigned dashboards with both visual and functional enhancements, as well as new functionalities.

Author: ```suggestion
In a future version, we will introduce redesigned dashboards with both visual and functional enhancements, as well as new functionalities.
```

> **Visual and UX Enhancements**:

Author: ```suggestion
**Visual and UX enhancements**:
```

* We have redesigned the way dashboards are edited.

> **Functional Improvements**:

Author: ```suggestion
**Functional improvements**:
```

> * We have introduced an edit mode for dashboards.

Reviewer: This is included in the second item, isn´t it?

> * We have introduced an edit mode for dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* The lock/unlock feature has been replaced with an edit mode for better control and clarity.

> **New Features**:

Author: ```suggestion
**New features**:
```

---
date: 2024-03-28
title: Dashboards redesign and improvements
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-56466
version: 1020.0.0
---
In the upcoming version, we will introduce redesigned dashboards with both visual and functional enhancements as well as new functionalities.

**Visual and UX enhancements**:

* We have redesigned the way dashboards are edited.

**Functional improvements**:

* The lock/unlock feature has been replaced with an edit mode for better control and clarity.

**New functionalities**:

* Possibility to enable and disable dashboard template for device dashboards.
* Versioning to manage and track dashboard changes.
* Edit mode with undo/redo functionality for flexible adjustments.

> For details refer to: [Working with dashboards](https://cumulocity.com/docs/cockpit/working-with-dashboards/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details refer to [Working with dashboards](https://cumulocity.com/docs/cockpit/working-with-dashboards/).
```
